- [Instructor] Within SwaggerHub,
we can also manage access to API definitions
at a more granular level.
So I'm going to navigate into the organizational settings
for hplussport's and we're going to remove the
swaggercourse2 user from the organization.
And at this point,
I'm going to go back into MYhub
and I'm going to invite this individual
only to collaborate on the catalog API.
To do this, we just click on the share
and collaborate button,
in the upper right hand corner,
and within this dialogue we are able to invite
individuals to collaborate on a specific API,
as opposed to our organizations entire catalog.
So here we can just specify the username swaggercourse2
and once we find our user
and identify them,
we can then confirm that we would like this individual
to collaborate on this API
and at this point,
they would now have access to the catalog API definition.
We can navigate over to the swaggercourse2 user.
Once we refresh their Myhub,
you'll notice that access to the other API's,
within the H Plus sports catalog,
are no longer available.
They only have access to the catalog API definition.
So using this more granular approach,
we can invite individuals to collaborate on a single API,
as opposed to our organizations catalog.